---
layout: post
title: Recharging Growth in China
description: Recharging Growth in China| Davos 2024 | World Economic Forum
date: 2024-01-25 15:01:35 +0300
author: admin
image: '/images/53469560178_96f2de4b02_k.jpg'
video_embed: https://www.youtube.com/embed/Nx1C39k8WOg
tags: [video]
featured: true
---

China's growth engines seem to be slowing due to a range of factors, including an ageing population, a slowdown in productivity, and major challenges facing the private sector.

Rather than seeking a quick boost, how can a focus on high-quality development strengthen its economic fundamentals, recharge growth and enable it to avoid the middle-income trap in the long term?

The World Economic Forum is the International Organization for Public-Private Cooperation. The Forum engages the foremost political, business, cultural and other leaders of society to shape global, regional and industry agendas. We believe that progress happens by bringing together people from all walks of life who have the drive and the influence to make positive change.

The 54th Annual Meeting of the World Economic Forum will provide a crucial space to focus on the fundamental principles driving trust, including transparency, consistency and accountability.

This Annual Meeting will welcome over 100 governments, all major international organizations, 1000 Forum’s Partners, as well as civil society leaders, experts, youth representatives, social entrepreneurs, and news outlets.

The World Economic Forum is the International Organization for Public-Private Cooperation. The Forum engages the foremost political, business, cultural and other leaders of society to shape global, regional and industry agendas. We believe that progress happens by bringing together people from all walks of life who have the drive and the influence to make positive change.
