---
layout: post
title: Decrypting the US China Relationship
description:  Davos 2024 | World Economic Forum
date: 2024-01-19 15:01:35 +0300
author: admin
image: '/images/53473439588_cd9f260be4_c.jpg'
video_embed: https://www.youtube.com/embed/0s0HcXMAYh0
tags: [video]
featured: true
---
Presidents Joe Biden and Xi Jinping strengthened bilateral cooperation during their November 2023 meeting, which pledged to re-establish military-to-military contacts and cooperate on climate change. But as rivalry continues, a modus vivendi is needed so the two countries can coordinate on global priorities.

What will the contours of the US-China relationship look like in the year ahead?

The World Economic Forum is the International Organization for Public-Private Cooperation. The Forum engages the foremost political, business, cultural and other leaders of society to shape global, regional and industry agendas. We believe that progress happens by bringing together people from all walks of life who have the drive and the influence to make positive change.

The 54th Annual Meeting of the World Economic Forum will provide a crucial space to focus on the fundamental principles driving trust, including transparency, consistency and accountability.

This Annual Meeting will welcome over 100 governments, all major international organizations, 1000 Forum’s Partners, as well as civil society leaders, experts, youth representatives, social entrepreneurs, and news outlets.

The World Economic Forum is the International Organization for Public-Private Cooperation. The Forum engages the foremost political, business, cultural and other leaders of society to shape global, regional and industry agendas. We believe that progress happens by bringing together people from all walks of life who have the drive and the influence to make positive change.
